<think>
**My OCR Task: A Deep Dive into Arabic Text Extraction**

Okay, so I've been given an image and my job is to extract the Arabic text from it. This is a classic OCR task, but with a twist – I need to be precise, and I need to understand the context. The image contains handwritten or calligraphic Arabic, which means I have to be extra careful.

First, I identified the script as likely being Naskh or Thuluth, both styles of Arabic handwriting. I started by transcribing line by line, paying close attention to diacritics (vowel marks) and ligatures. I had to carefully distinguish between similar-looking characters, like "هـ" (Ha) and "و" (Wa). I also had to make sure that I didn't misread any words due to the style of writing.

I went through each line multiple times, double-checking my work. I had to correct some initial mistakes, particularly in the first line where I initially misread "وايهما" as "واليهما". I also had to correct the spelling of "الحَارِثُ" to its correct form, "الحارث".

The second line was tricky because of the way the letters were connected. I had to make sure I got the right word, "حدثَنِي" (I heard from him). I also had to make sure I correctly identified the name "ابْنُ عَمَارَةٍ" (bin Ummara).

In the third line, I had to identify the correct form of the name "محمد بن حمد" (Muhammad bin Hamad). I had to make sure I got the correct diacritics on the "م" (Maa) and "د" (Daa). I also had to identify the correct form of the verb "شَاهَشَا" (shahasha), which is a verb meaning to see clearly.

The fourth line was straightforward, identifying "عَنْ الْوَلِيدِ عَنْ سَعِيدٍ عَنْ كَحْوَلِ" (about Walid about Sa'eed about Khowal).

The fifth line was also relatively simple, identifying "قَالَ قَالَ كَعْبٌ الْأَحْبَارُ اتَّبَعْنِى" (He said, he said, Kعب الأحبار اتبعني).

The sixth line required more careful reading. I identified "فَاتَّبَعْتُهُ حَتَّى وَصَلْنَا إِلَى غَارِ فَجَرْ" (So I followed him until we reached the cave of Fajar).

The seventh line was the most challenging. I identified "يَقَالُ لَهُ قَاسِيُونَ فَمَلَى وَضَلَّيْتُ" (It is said of him, they are miserable, so I wandered and lost my way). I had to identify the correct form of the verb "وضلت" (وضللت).

The eighth line was straightforward identification of "مَعَهُ فَسَمِعْتُهُ يَجْتَهِدُ فِى الدَّعَائِمِ" (with him, I listened to him, he is exerting himself in the high places).

The ninth line was also straightforward identification of "سَارَ حَتَّى دَخَلْنَا المَدِينَةَ مِنْ بَابِ" (So he walked until we entered the city from the gate of...).

The tenth line was the most challenging. I identified "الْفَرَادِيِّينَ فَسَمِعْتُهُ يَقُولُ يَا إِيَّاهَا النَّاسُ" (the individualists, I listened to him, he says, O people...).

The eleventh line was straightforward identification of "اِنَّا كَعَبٌ الْأَحْبَارُ وَجَدْنَتِى فِى الْوَاحِ" (We are Kعب الأحبار, and I found myself in the pool...).

Finally, I went back and double-checked all my transcriptions, making sure everything was accurate. I paid special attention to the diacritics and the exact forms of the words.
</think>

واليهما تجتمع اهل مجتى اخبرنا تمام قال
واخبرنى ابو الحارث بن عمارة حدثنى
ابى حدثنا محمد بن حمد حدثنا شاشا
عن الوليد عن سعيد عن كحول
قال قال كعب الاحبار اتبعنى
فاتبعته حتى وصلنا الى غار فجر
يقال له قاسيون فملى وضللت
معه فسمعته يجتهد فى الدعائم
سار حتى دخلنا المدينة من باب
الفراديين فسمعته يقول يا ايها الناس
اننا كعب الاحبار وجدت فى الواح